well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
elephant in rome
we've talked about it numerous times on
this channel
a lot of the issues that have arisen
and come into public conversation
during the trump administration are not
really
the trump administration's fault
the mismanagement that has occurred
during this administration simply put a
flood light
on a lot of the inequities that already
existed in the united states
existed before him and in a bizarre turn
of events
that mismanagement led to the state that
he's in
and that state that he's in has put a
floodlight on his mismanagement
one of the overriding issues
with the trump administration is
president trump's desire
and practice of putting himself
his interests his image
and his reelection chances over
what's in the best interest of the
country
that's how we wound up here
that's how he wound up where he is
i think it would be fair to say that the
president is currently
not capable of fully
discharging the duties of his office
he's got a lot on his plate he's
distracted and that's fine it's
completely understandable
however there's been no temporary
transfer of power aside from that
aside from the completely understandable
distractions
that exist because of what he's going
through
he's focusing on his campaign
between the understandable distractions
and his campaign who's running the
country
who's discharging the duties of his
office
they're sitting there creating pr photos
and then mishandling that
and that campaign his entire campaign is
the idea
that he is going to provide for the
safety security and dignity
of the united states that's his thing
he's going to keep everybody safe tells
him what to be afraid of
and says he'll protect him from it
that's his campaign
the reality is the secret service
has a budget of about two and a quarter
billion dollars a year
their primary duty is to provide
for the safety security and dignity of
the executive
in order for him to end up where he is
right now
he had to override them
he had to go against their advice their
experts ignore
their procedures and their protocols
and he can do it because he's the chief
executive
but he had people telling him it wasn't
a good idea
but he ignored it because he believes he
knows better
at this moment
the nation doesn't really have a
president
they have somebody with that title
who is not fully discharging the duties
of their office and who is more
concerned
with their re-election chances that's
why
it's why pence hasn't taken over
it's because he's afraid of the image
and how that will impact him
he's more concerned with the campaign
i'm going to suggest
that if the president cannot provide
for the safety security and dignity
of the white house with a team of
experts
with a two and a quarter billion dollar
budget
he probably can't do it for the entire
country
i think he's in one of those feedback
loops where he's getting bad advice
i think the longer this goes on the more
apparent
his mismanagement is going to be the
more
floodlight is going to be directed
at these issues
i would also suggest that if the
president
was running the country half as well
as he pretends to be he wouldn't need to
campaign
it certainly wouldn't be at the top of
his agenda
he would have more important things to
do
like the duties of his office
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day